Added default host deny behavior to reference for Host Endpoint. Per … (#2810)
projectcalico/calico: master/reference/resources/hostendpoint.md

Each host endpoint may include a set of labels and list of profiles that {{site.prodname}}
will use to apply
[policy]({{site.baseurl}}/{{page.version}}/reference/resources/networkpolicy)
to the interface.

> **Default behavior of external traffic to/from host**

Reviewer: Markdown requires two returns for a new line. 
```suggestion
**Default behavior of external traffic to/from host**

```

Reviewer 2: Fixed

> If a host endpoint is added and network policy is not in place, the Calico default is to deny traffic to/from that endpoint (except for traffic allowed by failsafe rules). For host endpoints, Calico blocks traffic only to/from interfaces that it’s been explicitly told about in network policy. Traffic to/from other interfaces is ignored.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If a host endpoint is added and network policy is not in place, the {{ site.prodname }} default is to deny traffic to/from that endpoint (except for traffic allowed by failsafe rules). For host endpoints, {{ site.prodname }} blocks traffic only to/from interfaces that it’s been explicitly told about in network policy. Traffic to/from other interfaces is ignored.
```

Reviewer 2: Thanks, fixed
